# Homework solution

1. What is Emmet?
    1. Emmet is a plug-in for text editors with abbreviations to enable quick declaration/editing for HTML, and CSS files.
2. Difference between a Library and a Framework?
    1. A library is a collection of code built to solve a specific set of problems, whereas a framework can be more extensible
    2. a library allows the user to have control of when to use it and maintain control over the flow of the program, whereas in a framework, it’s the framework which decides the flow and calls the user’s code.
    3. [https://www.interviewbit.com/blog/framework-vs-library/](https://www.interviewbit.com/blog/framework-vs-library/)
3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
    1. CDN stands for Content Delivery Network. It basically allows for a set of code to be called at request from the closest server instead of sending the whole code from the application server, which can be geographically distant from the consumer. 
    Also, it eliminates the need to bundle the code with the primary application and host it on the application server.
4. Why is React known as React?
    1. Because it reloads the app on every single data change → essentially “REACTING” to data change. Hence, the name.
5. What is crossorigin in the script tag?
    1. ***********crossorigin*********** in the script tag defines how the script element should handle Cross Origin Requests (CORS)
6. What is the difference between React and ReactDOM
    1. React →Has all functions and features of React library
    2. ReactDOM → Is the glue between React and the DOM
        1. Was earlier part of the React library but was split to be able to use the React library for both Web and Mobile instead of using React Native for mobile and React for web only. This is still under development, React Native is still in play.
7. What is the difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
    1. The Prod version of the CDN is far more optimized for performance and memory
    2. Dev → has experimental features, not as optimized
8. What is async and defer?
    1. Generally, HTML parsing is done line by line, so when the script tag is encountered, the loading of the HTML is paused and the script part is executed, so the page load is held hostage until the JS in the script tag is completed.
    2. *async* →allows the *********************loading********************* of the items in the script tag asynchronously, however, the HTML parsing is paused when the script is fully loaded. The HTML parsing resumes only after the script is executed.
        1. Doesn’t guarantee the order of execution in case of multiple scripts
    3. *defer*→This keyword, like *async*, loads the script asynchronously ********BUT******** it holds off the script execution until the whole HTML parsing has been completed. 
        1. Maintains the order of execution in case of multiple scripts